Fixed #36217 -- Used LogEntry.save() for single object deletion in admin. (#19214)
django/django: docs/releases/5.1.7.txt

  of ``ManyToManyField`` related managers would always return ``0`` and
  ``False`` when the intermediary model back references used ``to_field``
  (:ticket:`36197`).

> * Fixed a bug in Django 5.1 where the signal for ``LogEntry`` were not triggered
>   when a single object was deleted in the admin (:ticket:`36217`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a regression in Django 5.1 where the ``pre_save`` and ``post_save``
  signals for ``LogEntry`` were not sent when deleting a single object in the
  admin (:ticket:`36217`).
```
